Release docs 2.9 (#177)
openmsupply/msupply_docs: content/docs/catalogue/items/index.md

| **Total before tax** | The total cost of the transaction before tax (in local currency) |
| **Reason**           | The reason for the adjustment (if required)                      |

> ### Filter Transactions

Reviewer: The ledger screenshot will need to be updated too Aimee and the master list screeenshot above so it doesn't look like it's floating (: 

```suggestion
### Filter ledger by transactions
```

> You can filter the list of transactions by Type, Status or Date range. This can be useful if you're looking for one particular transaction!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can filter the ledgers by the transaction: Type, Status or Date range. This is useful when you need to review a specific set of transactions that meet certain criteria!
```

![Requisition filter](images-en/ledger_filter.png)

> Select the desired filter(s) from the list:
> 
> - **Type**: Select a status from the dropdown list
> - **Status**: Select a status from the dropdown list
> - **Date Range**: Enter a date range to filter results by. You can choose a `From Date`, a `To Date`, or filter by both
> 
> All of the ledger transactions which match the filters will appear in the list.

Reviewer: We already define what type, and status does... 

```suggestion
Select one or more filters to narrow down the results. The list will update to show all ledger transactions that match the selected criteria.
```
